MHS note:

Found on mudbytes.net uploaded by Cyric on Feb 24 2008.

"UPDATE 2009.11.18: I updated the file so it now reflects the current state, more or less. As a result, it will require you have PostgreSQL and ECPG installed, although it's not much work to disable if you don't like it. It should also compile on 64-bit platforms.
There *IS* a bug in the imc code somewhere, but I haven't tracked it down yet. That was a fairly ugly hack anyways, but it does seem to work.

UPDATE 2009.12.05: Fixed ONE bug in IMC2, which I'm pretty sure is the previous one I was trying to find. Re-touched the build process again, hopefully it might work this time?

UPDATE 2011.06.04: Changed to connect to I3, also included a more recent SQL dump.

UPDATE 2011.07.01: Cleanup up the distribution a little bit to hopefully make things simpler.

UPDATE 2014.04.06: Removed SQL code, fixed a few bugs, cleanup for newest gcc. A while back, I started using github to
handle all my updates and revisions, so this is simply a direct tag release from that repository. I'll try to remember to upload a
new snapshot every so often, but check github if you're curious.

-Dread Quixadhal (quixadhal -at- a waste of time -dot- net)"

Greetings!

What you have here is the once popular MUD that ran for several
years on the campus of Western Michigan University.  It was called
WileyMUD.  The first two incarnations ran under the direction of
Cyric, with the blessings of the system administrator of the Computer
Science department.  It ran on a sparc 4/110 and shared it with the
campus news server.  About 40 players could be on at a time before
the machine ran out of memory.

The last ressurection was done by me, Dread Quixadhal.  I had setup
the first student-run permenant machine on the campus network, an
intel 486/133 pc running Linux (Slackware, and the 1.1 kernel) with
16 Megs of RAM.  This was hosted by the Computer Club of WMU, and given
network access by the Computer Science department.  The machine allowed
nearly 100 users to be on at a time, but we never reached a truly stable
envioronment, and thus did not attract a large enough player base to
fill it.

In ressurecting the code and world files, I renamed the project as
WileyMUD III, and tried to make changes that would make the game more
interesting, and retain the difficulty level it had become known for.
In some ways I succeeded, in others I failed.  What you see here is
the result.

I'm releasing this to the public in the hopes that a little more
diversity might inspire someone else to release some new code or
content into the world.  In the face of multi-million dollar graphical
games, text muds need to grow and evolve to avoid death by entropy.

Thanks go out to Cyric, Muth, Muidnar, and all the other wizards and
players who helped create this little pocket universe back in 1992.
It might not be an Evercrack, but it was a lot of fun and didn't require
a $2000 computer system to enjoy.

You will find an admin account called admin.  The password is, cleverly
enough, admin.  Have fun!

If you make use of this, please send me an email!  I'd really like to
know what becomes of it.

                                                      -Dread Quixadhal
                                              quixadhal@shadowlord.org

PS:  If admin's password doesn't work, you may want to either copy the
spare from src/lib/ply/a/, or use the password gen utility to make a new
one and copy it into lib/ply/a/admin.chr.
